Tartarus, one hour before the "Festival of the Two Sisters."

Located in one of the most hostile regions of Equestria, this infamous prison holds captive the most dangerous monsters and criminals from across the kingdom. For any pony, it wasn't hard to imagine the kind of life that awaited an unfortunate soul who fell into it.

A life of claustrophobic confinement, accompanied by a loneliness that devoured the soul faster than hunger consumed the body. A day-to-day existence that seemed to repeat endlessly. The prisoner could only dream of waking up someday from this nightmare.

Yes, all this suffering was common knowledge among the ponies. But in a hidden corner of Tartarus, another type of suffering was unfolding.

Balor of Cunabula, a member of the Knights of the Order and the bearer of the Element of Magic, found herself enduring an uncomfortable and unusual situation.

"Believe me, dear, you can imagine the scandal Morron caused when he found out that Raimi had proposed to me on the same day. Of course, I hadn't accepted his proposal and had to let him know. But seeing him all ruffled up, it was an absolute DELIGHT."

"You have it easy, I guess. Let me guess what happened next. Did they engage in a duel to the death?"

"As if they had the guts to do that. THEY BOTH CHALLENGED EACH OTHER TO A SINGING COMPETITION."

Laughter filled the room.

This was a room that shouldn't exist in that place. It had scented candles hanging from the ceiling like chandeliers. Colorful and beautiful reliefs resembling sea waves adorned the walls. Three water pools were irregularly spaced on the floor, with stone steps to facilitate access. There was even a slide leading to the largest pool.

The whole place had the appearance of a luxurious SPA house. And, in fact, it was built with this purpose in mind.

Morrigan and Ceridwen were chatting in the largest pool. They had started their bath less than an hour ago. But for Balor, who was in the smallest pool, it felt like days of mindless chatter. Moments like these made the Draco Dragon regret having to free her companions. Of course, this was a childish complaint and couldn't be shared with anyone else. However, she really wished those two chatty birds would finish their bath and leave.

Immersed up to her nose in the water, Balor would wait as long as necessary to continue with her purification bath.

"... in the end, my father ended up rejecting my suitors. That saved me from having to do it myself. Although, to be honest, I felt bad for Morron," said Morrigan as she reached for grapes from a basket.

"Really?" inquired Ceridwen, who had finished polishing the scales on her tail.

"Mmm... Not really."

More laughter filled the room. Ceridwen noticed her Draco Dragon companion making bubbles in her pool.

"Well, well, it seems that floral soap doesn't really work to cleanse a bad temper. Did we interrupt your purification bath, dear friend?"

"Yes, that's right," grumbled Balor.

Both looked at each other confused.

"I thought you performed your purification bath in your own room," Morrigan asked.

"That's true. But today, I had the idea to try the SPA. After all, I was the one who created it."

Ceridwen frowned.

"You never have ideas so casually. Did something happen?" Ceridwen asked seriously.

"Nothing I can tell you."

"If it has to do with Danu, then you don't have to tell us. We know he asked you to keep an eye on us."

"Puff," Balor snorted. "He just cares about us. You should be more understanding of our leader's feelings, dear Morrigan."

Ceridwen laughed at her friend's sarcasm.

"I have a clear understanding of how he feels about us. However, why do you defend him?" Morrigan asked.

"Do I do that?"

"Yes. Like when you defended his ridiculous three-year plan to defeat the pony princess and her allies. You know that one of us would be enough to end her in less than five minutes." There was a slight disdain and arrogance in those words.

"Ahh dear Morrigan... I'll repeat the same thing I told the others. It won't work. If it were just the pony princess and her friends, even the other princesses, it would be challenging. But you forget the Lord of Chaos. As long as he's with them, there's nothing we can do that he can't undo. At best, if we were to succeed, that damn draconequus would seek revenge. He'd end up causing some calamity equal to or worse than the one that happened a thousand years ago. Danu is not mistaken in waiting for the three years to use our Elements of Harmony and seal him away forever. Besides... 'Any of us'? You are NOT VERY USEFUL without your puppets."

"Oh, you think so. Your IGNORANCE of the magic of the Urutau is regrettable."

"I know enough, like how useless it is against potions from old healers."

"YOU... need me to show you the true power of my people," Morrigan said with fiery anger, and in an instant, a black aura enveloped her wings, and her eyes were filled with milky darkness.

"Fine. Learning something new has never bothered me," said Balor defiantly, standing up in a combat position.

The tranquil SPA filled with tension in an instant.

"ENOUGH!" Ceridwen stepped between them with a long silver bar she conjured with her magic. "We must not fight among ourselves. Morrigan, Balor. You can stop this unpleasant misunderstanding and apologize."

Both looked at each other for a brief moment.

"It's not a misunderstanding," Morrigan said.

"I agree," responded Balor.

They returned to their previous positions and continued with their respective baths. There was no apology, but those last words were the closest thing to one. A few minutes passed in silence until...

"I'm sorry," said Balor, with the water in the pool up to her neck.

"Sorry. What did you say?" asked a surprised Morrigan.

"I said I'm sorry," Balor repeated.

"Well... I, um... I accept it," Morrigan looked nervously at Ceridwen. The latter seemed more surprised than her.

Ceridwen, who had witnessed numerous arguments between her companions, knew that this was the first time Balor had apologized to Morrigan.

What did this behavior mean? Ceridwen needed to confirm something.

"Ahem... I'm glad both of you have apologized," Ceridwen said in a casual tone. "On another note, my friend, about what you mentioned earlier. Is there really no other way to get rid of that Lord of Chaos?"

"Well..." Balor began to ponder. "... we could gather all the magic from the inhabitants of this realm and use it as a catalyst to capture him. Another way would be to find some magical artifact that can absorb all his chaotic magic. The problem with these plans is that they draw too much attention or rely too much on the element of surprise. So, in the end... we're left with our leader's plan."

Ceridwen nodded. But Morrigan seemed unconvinced.

"You're just stating what we already know. But what if we had a really powerful magical artifact? Something like... a 'Harmony Grace.'"

"Do you know about that? How?" Balor responded, surprised.

"I'm not as uninformed as you imagine, dear," Morrigan said as she arrogantly lay down on a quilt. "Now, will you answer my question?"

"Only if you tell me what you know." Balor's gaze was now sharp.

For a moment, Ceridwen thought they would start fighting again. And then...

"As you wish... friend," said Morrigan, dropping her shoulders. "The 'Harmony Graces' are magical weapons of immense power. They were forged from the magic of the Tree of Beginnings with the purpose of defeating the darkness that sought to destroy the world. One of them alone grants immense power to its bearer. Power capable of subduing the darkness and... the chaos, right?"

Balor closed her eyes, seemingly contemplating the words she would say.

"You are right about much of what you've said. But you are mistaken on one point. They are not weapons to defeat or subdue the darkness, much less the chaos."

"No?" Morrigan now seemed confused.

"They are objects that exist to preserve the light of this world. To keep hope alive." Balor paused. "The Great Patriarch... possesses one of these objects."

Ceridwen and Morrigan remained motionless for a moment.

The Great Patriarch was the oldest individual in all of Cunabula. It was said that in his youth, he was part of the group of tribal leaders who founded the kingdom. Over the centuries, he became the master and leader of the temple brotherhood he himself created. Only after the crisis of the war between races did he step down from the temple leadership in favor of the "High Primado" and devoted himself exclusively to presiding over religious ceremonies. In this way, he earned the title of "Great Patriarch," by which he would be known to the present day.

However, the Tree of Beginnings was an ancient entity that resided in the realm of lost knowledge rather than myth. Knowledge of the 'Harmony Graces' was even scarcer, as very few knew of their existence. This was due to the enormous amount of time that had passed since they were last mentioned or seen in the world.

In that case, could the Great Patriarch be the possessor of one of these divine objects?

"How old is the Great Patriarch?" Ceridwen seemed to be thinking aloud.

Balor smiled; it was a question with an answer that amused her greatly. "He's around 8000 years old."

Ceridwen and Morrigan opened their beaks like a pair of hungry chicks. For Balor, it was a rare opportunity to learn about her companions' oral cavity. On one hand, she had believed that the inside of an Urutau bird was black. However, it was a bright pink. On the other hand, her friend Quetzalkan seemed to maintain her vibrant colors even under her tongue. Balor noted these details in her mind. Considering that enough time had passed, she continued.

"You shouldn't be so surprised. He's only a little older than our kingdom."

"JUST A LITTLE!" Ceridwen exclaimed. "CUNABULA HAS 2700 YEARS OF HISTORY, AND HE'S LIVED ALMOST THREE TIMES THAT LONG. HOW CAN ANYONE LIVE FOR SO LONG?"

Balor just shrugged indifferently.

"So, it's true," Morrigan seemed to have calmed down. "The staff he always carries in purification rituals must be one of these objects."

"Yes, that's right, dear Morrigan. That is the Staff of Justice, the first of the 'Harmony Graces' forged millennia ago," said Balor, standing up with a penetrating look. "So, my good friends, could this revelation stay between us?"

Ceridwen and Morrigan glanced at each other. Without saying a word, they nodded.

"Alright, in that case... There's something else I'd like to share with you."

Suddenly, a knock came on the main door of the room. A moment later, a mental message reached Balor.

She immediately recognized the visitor. His arrival was not timely. But... after reflecting for a few seconds, she finally decided to open the door.

Four adult steeds with eyes filled with darkness entered, carrying some boxes. They were led by a young pony with an unusual appearance. He had a gray-white coat, and his mane was a light pink interrupted by thick chestnut curls. Beneath his wavy hair, there was a stern gaze that contrasted with the colors he displayed. But none of that mattered. It was his silver wings and horn that made this pony truly striking.

They stopped a few steps away.

"Squire Badwhiz reporting. I bring the 'materials' requested by Lady Ceridwen and Lady Morrigan. Also, a message from the Feudal Lord for you, Lord Balor," said Badwhiz, bowing. Immediately, the four steeds placed the boxes on the ground and opened them to reveal their contents.

The 'materials' were mainly personal hygiene items, among others.

Ceridwen and Morrigan glared at the ponies, but before they could say anything, Balor stepped forward.

"Well, I must assume that the Feudal Lord requires my immediate presence in his quarters. Isn't that right?"

"That's correct, Lord Balor," Badwhiz responded.

"Very well, you heard him. It's unfortunate, but we'll have to leave this wonderful conversation for another time. Young one, you will come with me," she said as a fleeting fire enveloped her body, drying the folds of her skin.

"At your command, my Lord," Badwhiz replied with a martial tone.

"Wait, you're just leaving like that..." Morrigan began, but she was interrupted by Ceridwen.

"Danu and the others must have finished training. Considering his character and how they ended up last time, wouldn't it be better if we accompanied you?"

Balor sighed. "Let's leave it at that. Finish your bath and don't worry. It's just a report." Balor immediately put on the traditional attire of her people and left, followed by the young pony.

//	-------------------------

In the now silent SPA room, an aura of unease could be felt.

"What do you think she's hiding from us?" Morrigan asked Ceridwen, who was lost in thought.

"I'm not sure, but it's not just about Danu." Ceridwen knew Balor much better than the others. In the past, she, Balor, and Taranis had undertaken almost all missions outside. During those missions, they had grown close and come to know each other more deeply. Despite her sarcastic personality, Balor was one of the most skilled sorceresses in the entire kingdom, very resourceful and unflinching in the toughest moments of battle. However, that wasn't what she perceived in her today.

What she perceived was doubt and fear.

"I think we should perform the Purification Fast. What do you think?" Ceridwen suggested.

"I'm fine with it. I just hope it's worth it," responded Morrigan, who ordered the steeds fanning her to leave the room.

A few moments after they left, a golden light filled the space.

//	-------------------------

Balor and Badwhiz advanced in a straight line through a wide rocky passage. Occasionally, they passed through a door or a staircase leading to lower levels of the underground complex where they had sought refuge. The entire infrastructure had been built by the Knights of Order shortly after their release from captivity. Later, Balor had made extensions to store prisoners and materials for her experiments.

As she lost herself in her thoughts and remembered the purpose of the rooms along their way, Balor noticed the silence surrounding them.

"That 'kid's' stealth is improving," Balor thought without looking back.

The 'kid' silently following her, despite his unusual appearance, was actually an earth pony so dedicated to their cause that even Balor and Morrigan occasionally referred to him as "Mini Danu."

Suddenly, Balor asked, "Tell me, kid, how are the 'decoys' doing?"

"No significant changes since my last report," Badwhiz replied. "Today at dusk, there was a rotation of Equestrian soldiers that was delayed by 15 minutes and 20 seconds, but nothing else noteworthy happened."

Balor was intrigued. She wasn't sure what was more surprising: the fact that the pony princess hadn't yet realized the fake copies occupying the cells where they should be prisoners, or that among all the ponies in that realm, there was someone as fanatical as Badwhiz.

The Draco Dragon tilted her head. It was better not to dwell too much on it. There were other more important matters to think about, like: "How do you find the improvements in the armor?"

"It's amazing, Lord Balor," the pony's eyes sparkled with excitement. "Now it's really lightweight; it no longer exhausts me when I wear it, and it responds immediately to my movements." Badwhiz extended the metallic wings on his back a bit. The movement looked so natural that it gave the impression of genuine Pegasus wings. It was evident the control Badwhiz had over them.

"Well, well... but what about the magic?"

"Well... I've been practicing the spells you gave me." Badwhiz stuttered a bit. "So far, I've managed to levitate objects and perform healing spells. I haven't mastered defensive and offensive spells yet... they're difficult... But I'm sure that in a few more months, I'll have the ability to perform them!" Badwhiz exclaimed confidently.

Balor hid her excitement behind this last statement.

The Alicorn Armor they had created with their companions turned out to be more astounding than Balor had imagined. Originally, it was given to Badwhiz as a reward for his loyalty. Its true purpose, however, was to monitor him. At that time, the armor had no magical components; it was simply regular armor. It was Taranis who suggested that Badwhiz would be more useful if he could fly or do something else. After a brief discussion among all of them and Danu's disdainful agreement, they decided to give him additional accessories, such as wings and a horn.

However, Balor herself suggested not creating enchanted accessories. Instead, they should make artifacts that tapped into the earth pony's magic. All of this was part of a low-priority experiment they had not yet performed. Balor didn't believe it could work. Her studies on pony magic showed that earth pony magic was not compatible with the magic of other pony races.

However, reality proved otherwise.

Badwhiz not only learned to fly after an intensive course with Taranis but also started learning magic. Of course, these acquired abilities were not comparable to those of a true Pegasus or Unicorn. Still, it was remarkable that he had achieved this in such a short time.

Why did earth pony magic work in that armor? Were the materials she used responsible for it? Was Badwhiz special, or did all earth ponies possess that quality? Could any pony acquire a quality from another race? Did the pony princesses know about this and were they hiding it? Was it possible that Danu also had that quality?

Balor's mind was filled with all the questions that had arisen from her unexpectedly successful experiment.

"Lord Balor? Are you alright?" The young pony was looking at her.

"Oh, it's nothing, kid," Balor clumsily snapped out of her thoughts. "Did something happen?"

"Well, yes. We have arrived, Lord Balor," he responded, looking confused.

Before them stood a majestic double stone door. On its surface, the distinctive Cunabula shield was engraved in silver. There was no sign of a latch, padlock, or doorknob to open it. It was evident that this was a magical door, accessible only to those belonging to the select group of Knights of Order.

Balor sighed internally.

She had been mentally preparing herself all day for this moment. She just needed Danu to listen. Just a little, and then she could tell him about...

"Squire Badwhiz, I know you already know this, but I'll remind you again. Refrain from speaking. Just follow the instructions I give you. Try not to address the Feudal Lord unless I order you to. Understand?"

"Yes, Lord Balor," Badwhiz replied seriously.

"Good. Let's continue," Balor told herself the last part to boost her confidence. She raised her right claw and cast the spell that opened the door.

The doors creaked like broken bones as they opened. A mixture of vapors with a sulfurous and metallic aroma emanated from within.

The room that appeared before them resembled the stomach of a beast.

The doors finished opening, and Balor entered followed by the loyal Badwhiz.

The wide vaulted room they had entered rivaled the size of a stable, and in its center was a small waterfall forming a lagoon. The ceiling was made up of stalagmites emitting a geo-luminescent amber glow, filling the entire space with magical light. In contrast, the floor was completely smooth and had been enchanted to provide comfort to the guests. Only the lagoon in the center broke the oppressive brilliance of the room, as its own white luminescence shimmered in the water, creating the impression of a wellspring of light.

Balor quickly surveyed the place. In this heavy atmosphere, there were two bodies at opposite ends of the room. And someone else seemed to be observing the lake.

She already knew who it was. She advanced until a certain distance from the lake and stopped.

"Greetings, Feudal Lord. Balor, your servant, presents herself in the company of Squire Badwhiz."

Danu didn't respond. Yes, it was Danu. His disheveled mane and injuries on his body were a vivid reflection of his current state of mind. They contrasted greatly with the proud image he displayed before leaving Cunabula. The defeat against the pony princess had affected him more than his companions imagined. So much so that he had developed hatred towards the princess and ponies in general.

Balor understood this last part well. She mentally ordered Badwhiz to take Taranis and Mannah's bodies and carry them to the infirmary for healing.

Badwhiz obeyed, and with the magic of his horn and immense effort, he left the room, taking the battered bodies of both knights with him.

The doors closed, and Balor felt the atmosphere lighten.

"You're giving that pony too much freedom."

"That's true, boss, but it's the most effective method to strengthen his loyalty to us." Balor replied to Danu in a more informal tone. "After all, he'll be an important agent to keep Equestria under our control in the future."

"His importance will be decided by me. On another note, what are the other two doing?"

"Morrigan and Ceridwen are enjoying a purifying bath while talking about their noble selves." Balor didn't hide the sarcasm in her voice.

Danu clicked his tongue.

"Do you think they might betray me?"

"It's unlikely. The day of our revenge is almost here. We are all ready for that moment."

"All of you? Do you mean you already have the necessary spell that will destroy the princess and her allies?" Danu turned to Balor sideways.

"Yes, that's correct," Balor replied, leaning slightly with a small smile.

Danu also smiled, but it was a wicked smile. His gaze seemed lost in some dark place in the room.

Balor sensed the change in his mood. It was dangerous. But this was her best chance.

"My Feudal Lord, I would like to insist on the proposal I made earlier. Taking action tomorrow itself would give us the opportunity to..."

"ENOUGH! WERE MY ORDERS NOT CLEAR TO YOU? WE WILL NOT ATTACK ON A SACRED DAY!" The outburst of anger reverberated throughout the room. Danu was now standing in front of her. It almost seemed like he would attack her immediately.

"BUT! FEUDAL LORD..." Balor looked directly at him.

"THAT'S ENOUGH, BALOR! DO YOU ALSO INTEND TO ABANDON YOUR PRINCIPLES?" Danu roared.

Balor didn't immediately respond. But before Danu could continue, she bowed.

"I offer my sincerest apologies, my Feudal Lord. I overstepped; I shouldn't have insisted on my selfish proposal." Balor replied with a slight tremor in her wings and tail.

Danu observed her at length, as if studying the sincerity of her words. And finally said:

"I accept your apology. Among the five of you, you have the greatest understanding of our delicate situation. But don't pretend that your understanding is above mine. Is that clear?" Danu relaxed his posture, but the violence still lingered in his words.

"I appreciate it, Feudal Lord," Balor responded with her head still lowered.

"Mph," Danu snorted. He turned his back and slowly entered the lake. Vapors filled the room as the body of the 'leoponi' submerged in the water.

After a few minutes, the vapors dissipated, and with them, the tension that had filled the room vanished. The only sound that could be heard was the murmur of the water falling from the small waterfall in the center of the lake.

Suddenly, Danu emerged from under the waterfall and addressed Balor again.

"Now, tell me. How is Cunabula?"

//	-------------------------

The clock was nearing midnight. Lying on a comfortable and fluffy sofa, Balor recollected the day's events in a room illuminated by the soft glow of candles.

Early in the morning, she had received a letter from one of her servants in Cunabula informing her of the unexpected arrival of the Midnight envoy to the kingdom.

In the afternoon, she had received a report confirming that all the bearers of the Elements of Harmony from the allied nations to Equestria would attend tomorrow's celebration, something that hadn't happened since her team's defeat.

During the night, she had apologized to Morrigan for the first time in her life.

Lastly, she had committed treason by not informing Danu about what had happened in Cunabula.

She paused her thoughts and asked the question. What will happen next?

One after another, ideas surfaced and vanished from her mind. Possible scenarios, decisions, and consequences. One after another until reaching an inexorable and single end.

Balor contemplated the final resulting image. She struck the sofa so hard that part of its foam broke.

It was the same as the previous ones. She clenched her claws and clicked her tongue. The image vanished.

It was the worst possible outcome, and she would soon live to see it.

Balor had never put in one hundred percent effort into her missions. She had always found a clever or practical solution that led to success. However, since the defeat against the ponies, a feeling of unease and danger had been growing in her mind. How do you solve an unsolvable problem? Balor now faced that dreadful scenario.

She stood up and began floating in the air, assuming a meditative posture.

Once again, she cleared her mind and let go of her fears. But this time, she focused on her family, her home, and her acquaintances.

The image of her sisters Bala and Bila appeared, burning one of her study books. They were younger than her and enjoyed their parents' favor. Unlike her, they had no aptitude for magic, so they dedicated themselves solely to singing and dancing. They were now quite popular despite their youth. Although draco-dragons weren't actually dragons, if they took proper care of themselves, they could have a long successful life of up to 200 years at most.

Balor smiled as she contemplated her sisters, but suddenly, the vision darkened with a terrible thought: would they survive long enough to witness the impending war in the future?

She opened her eyes and recalled with annoyance the words of the pony princess, who had audaciously lectured Ceridwen after their defeat. "There are more important things than home!" she had said.

Balor descended to her feet, showing great determination in her gaze. "I won't allow that future to happen, I won't, even if it costs me my own life!" she exclaimed firmly. She had made a decision, and there was no turning back. Danu's plan and the mission she had been given no longer mattered; now everything boiled down to securing the future of the country and, therefore, all those she loved.

"First, we need to gather everyone. They might not take the truth well, but it's the path we must follow," she said to herself.

Balor left her room and sent a message to Badwhiz.